I actually started my college career at San Diego State University, which
is part of the CSU system. Um, but it's obviously in San Diego and
I went there because my dad and my step mom lived in Orange County
and I did not want to live at home. And so I literally took a compass
and a map and I drew a circle around where my dad lived and any
school that fell into that circle I did not apply to because I didn't
want to be close enough so that, theoretically, I could live at home.
So I ended up going toe San Diego State. For that reason, they were
far enough away that I couldn't really live at home and commute.
But at the same time, I was close enough so I could go and do laundry
if I needed to you. So I was close enough to my family, and I like
that Onda. That's really what started me at San Diego State, say the
ego state. However, at the time Waas really over enrolled eso. They
had way too many students and it was very hard to get classes there
and so I was there for two years. I think it was two years and realized
that at the rate that I was going, it was going to take me another
at least 3 to 4 years to get all of the classes that I needed
to graduate. And I didn't want to be in college for that long. On dso
I made the decision that I really needed Thio choose a different school.
Um, now I wanted the work that I had done to follow me, and so
I thought that my best bet for that would be to stay in the CSU system.
And so I looked at the different CSU campuses, and Fullerton had
a good psych department and they had, you know, a lot of really cool
things going on. And I at that point I kind of knew that I did want
to be a psych major. Um and so I chose Fullerton for that reason,
and that's how I ended up there